an exceptionally brilliant audience
not the thing
He loves me--he loves me not--HE LOVES ME!--
M'ama!
She doesn't even guess what it's all about.
tied up
What's the use of two good cooks in one family, now that I've married the girls and can't eat sauces?
after all, just WHAT happened?
Well, then----?
she's too unhappy to be left at home.
double entendre.
When the old lady does a thing she does it thoroughly.
You see why Mamma brought me,
If you can persuade Mamma,
Yes, you have been away a very long time.
that I'm sure I'm dead and buried, and this dear old place is heaven;
see the thing through,
Love Victorious,
Remember, we're doing this because it's right.
But after all--even here we're alone together, aren't we?
The worst of it is that I want to kiss you and I can't.
You must, then, for I didn't either; and I shouldn't like her to think--
If I'd done it at the right time, yes: but now that there's been a delay I think you must explain that I'd asked you to tell her at the Opera, before our speaking about it to everybody here.
Dear and great angel!  Of course I'll tell her.
unpleasant
shopping hour,
Very handsome,
As soon as ever it can, if only you'll back me up, Mrs. Mingott.
She scolded me for not giving you the news last night at the Opera: I had her orders to tell you that we were engaged--but I couldn't, in that crowd.
Of course I know; yes.  And I'm so glad.  But one doesn't tell such things first in a crowd.
Good Words,
eventually
Oh, well, there's always a phase of family parties to be gone through when one gets engaged, and the sooner it's over the better.
Well--well--well ... I wonder what he would have said to all these foreign marriages!
No, she was NOT at the ball.
She had that decency.
At the Opera I know she had on dark blue velvet, perfectly plain and flat--like a night-gown.
Poor girl!
Why Elaine?
I'm told she's looking for a house.  She means to live here.
the facts of life.
plain people
I shall first have to talk this over with my husband.
I should like Henry to hear what you have told me.
reading the newspaper
In town my mornings are so much occupied that I find it more convenient to read the newspapers after luncheon.
that things had come to such a pass.
lost her looks.
ought to be painted.
He's fond of wild-flowers
As much as a man can be.
Do you think, then, there is a limit?
Ah--it's really and truly a romance?
Have you forgotten,
I'd forgotten.  You must forgive me if I sometimes make these mistakes.  I don't always remember that everything here is good that was--that was bad where I've come from.
but you ARE among friends here, you know.
I have so many rivals; you see she's already surrounded.  There's the Duke being introduced.
But I think we used to go to dancing-school together when we were children--.
I've never seen May looking lovelier.  The Duke thinks her the handsomest girl in the room.
To me it's like heaven.
handsome.
but I suppose what I like is the blessedness of its being here, in my own country and my own town; and then, of being alone in it.
Don't be seen driving about the streets with Beaufort--
Still, your family can advise you; explain differences; show you the way.
Is New York such a labyrinth?  I thought it so straight up and down--like Fifth Avenue.  And with all the cross streets numbered!
Everything may be labelled--but everybody is not.
There are only two people here who make me feel as if they understood what I mean and could explain things to me: you and Mr. Beaufort.
Aren't you in diplomacy?  All the diplomatists come to me.  You like music too?  Duke, you must be sure to bring him.
I can't put a name to you--but I'm sure I've met you--I've met everybody, here, or in Paris or London. 
Rather
I called on your cousin yesterday,
nice
That would be lovely,
Of course I should hate it--so would you,
Well, what of it?  I knew she meant to.
You knew she meant to--and you didn't try to stop her?  To warn her?
Has Janey told you?
But I can't take it very seriously.
I don't see myself--or you either--offering ourselves up to expiate her crimes.
Provided it all turns out for the best,
For family reasons--
If you will run your eye over these papers--
I beg your pardon, sir; but just because of the prospective relationship, I should prefer your consulting Mr. Skipworth or Mr. Redwood.
The whole family are against a divorce.  And I think rightly.
But why, sir?  If there ever was a case--
Divorce is always unpleasant.
You'd better take all your furs, and a hot-water-bottle.
That would be charming.  But I was really thinking of dramatic artists, singers, actors, musicians.  My husband's house was always full of them.
And when I try to liven it up for you, you go back on me.  Come--think better of it!  Sunday is your last chance, for Campanini leaves next week for Baltimore and Philadelphia; and I've a private room, and a Steinway, and they'll sing all night for me.
Yes; because I have still to talk business with Mr. Archer for a little while.
You'll never be like everybody else,
Ah, don't say that.  If you knew how I hate to be different!
You mean you can manage it for me?  I can talk to you instead of Mr. Letterblair?  Oh, that will be so much easier!
I want to be free; I want to wipe out all the past.
Then you'll help me?
perhaps I ought to know a little more.
You know about my husband--my life with him?
My poor child--far more harm than anywhere else!
Our ideas about marriage and divorce are particularly old-fashioned.  Our legislation favours divorce--our social customs don't.
that's what my family tell me.
It's not unnatural--
For you'll be my cousin soon,
Yes, if what your husband hints is true, or if you've no way of disproving it?
Sincerely, then--what should you gain that would compensate for the possibility--the certainty--of a lot of beastly talk?
But aren't you as free as air as it is?
No; it wouldn't be fair.
Silly goose!  I told her myself what nonsense it was.
he will send her a bunch of yellow roses tomorrow morning?
What do you do while May is away?
I have done what you wished--what you advised,
be kind to Ellen
clever people
Oh, well so have I for that matter, and I'll be the Industrious Apprentice too.
Well, here's my corner.
I'm down and out; nothing to be done about it.  I've got only one ware to produce, and there's no market for it here, and won't be in my time.  But you're free and you're well-off.  Why don't you get into touch?  There's only one way to do it: to go into politics.
a gentleman couldn't go into politics.
the day after I saw you at the play, and these kind friends have taken me in.  I wanted to be quiet, and think things over. You were right in telling me how kind they were; I feel myself so safe here.  I wish that you were with us.
I came to see what you were running away from.
Ah, well--you will see, presently.
Why--do you mean that you've been overtaken?
Shall we walk on?  I'm so cold after the sermon.  And what does it matter, now you're here to protect me?
I knew you'd come!
It was because I got your note.
What sort of a need?
Ellen--why won't you tell me what's happened?
Does anything ever happen in heaven?
I will tell you--but where, where, where? One can't be alone for a minute in that great seminary of a house, with all the doors wide open
But I can't feel unhappy when you're here.
perfect little house,
Newland, dear, I've noticed lately that you've been coughing; I do hope you're not letting yourself be overworked?
Come late tomorrow: I must explain to you.  Ellen.
I'm not sure if I DO understand,
My God--perhaps--I don't know,
If that is it--is there some one else?
Let us talk frankly, Newland.  Sometimes I've felt a difference in you; especially since our engagement has been announced.
If it is, it won't hurt us to talk about it.
Mistakes are always easy to make; but if I had made one of the kind you suggest, is it likely that I should be imploring you to hasten our marriage?
Yes,
Then there is a truth I don't know?
I meant, the truth about the old story you speak of.
I've wanted to say this for a long time,
There is no pledge--no obligation whatever--of the kind you think.  Such cases don't always--present themselves quite as simply as ... But that's no matter ...
 I love your generosity, because I feel as you do about those things ... I feel that each case must be judged individually, on its own merits ... irrespective of stupid conventionalities ... I mean, each woman's right to her liberty--
I must say she seems thankful to be here.
She certainly lays herself out to please, even when she is calling on an old lady.
they're not alike.
No; I can see that.  You've got a quick eye.  When you were a little boy I've no doubt you liked to be helped first.
And what did he answer?
I went to see your mother, to ask where you'd gone.  I sent a note that you never answered, and I was afraid you were ill.
Tomorrow; yes; but early.  I'm going out.
How do you know, Mr. Winsett?  The spirit bloweth where it listeth.
As soon as Ellen's carriage comes I will join you; I do hope the lecture won't have begun.
is unfortunate--but here is my card.
Little did you know that at that very moment I was being appealed to: being approached, in fact--from the other side of the Atlantic!
I have his letter here.
Time--time; I must have time.  I know my Ellen--haughty, intractable; shall I say, just a shade unforgiving?
And you two--have you made friends!
There's time for a cigarette.
What do you think of me in a temper?
It makes me understand what your aunt has been saying about you.
Is your aunt's romanticism always consistent with accuracy?
Well, I'll tell you: in almost everything she says, there's something true and something untrue.  But why do you ask?  What has she been telling you?
After all, it was to be expected.
You are horribly nervous; you have your own troubles. 
Well, then--I don't understand.
We had a frank talk--almost the first.  She thinks my impatience a bad sign.
But if she thinks that--why isn't she in a hurry too?
This other woman--does she love you?
I must go where I am invited, or I should be too lonely.  Why not come with me?
There is another woman--but not the one she thinks.
Ah, don't make love to me!  Too many people have done that,
I have never made love to you,
And you say that--when it's you who've made it impossible?
Isn't it you who made me give up divorcing--give it up because you showed me how selfish and wicked it was, how one must sacrifice one's self to preserve the dignity of marriage ... and to spare one's family the publicity, the scandal?  And because my family was going to be your family--for May's sake and for yours--I did what you told me, what you proved to me that I ought to do.  Ah,
When I thought--
Nonsense!  It's too late for that sort of thing.  We've no right to lie to other people or to ourselves.  We won't talk of your marriage; but do you see me marrying May after this?
putting that question to May. Do you?
It's too late to do anything else.
You don't understand because you haven't yet guessed how you've changed things for me: oh, from the first--long before I knew all you'd done.
how stupid and unobservant I was!  I knew nothing of all this till Granny blurted it out one day. 
I can't go back now to that other way of thinking.  I can't love you unless I give you up.
Why this sacrifice?  Since you tell me that you're lonely I've no right to keep you from your friends.
I shan't be lonely now.  I WAS lonely; I WAS afraid.  But the emptiness and the darkness are gone; when I turn back into myself now I'm like a child going at night into a room where there's always a light.
I don't understand you!
Look here--what day is Easter this year?
Easter?  Newland! Why, of course, the first week in April.  Why?
The first week, did you say?
real people were living somewhere, and real things happening to them ...
Why, they might take a photograph of my child AND PUT IT IN THE PAPERS!
HAVE I got the ring?
very English
It'll be exactly the same, sir, I do assure you--
Ah, it's just our luck beginning--the wonderful luck we're always going to have together!
I've never dined out in London; and I don't want to be ridiculous.
That's dear of you, Newland; but it doesn't help me much.
Why not wear your wedding-dress?  That can't be wrong, can it?
Look here--the fog's lifting. If we made a dash for the National Gallery we might manage to catch a glimpse of the pictures.
blissful.
There's Italy
Look me up, won't you?
After that I suppose we shall have pretty nearly finished rubbing off each other's angles,
not one of the lot holds the bow as she does
I should like to tell her myself that I've won the prize.  There's lots of time before dinner.
After all, I wonder if she wouldn't be happier with her husband.
something different,
Oh, I think for a change I'll just save it instead of spending it--
No; but you see it doesn't matter, because when there's nothing particular to do he reads a book.
I shall be back by six, you know, dear: Papa never drives later than that--
You don't know, I suppose--I shall be in Boston tomorrow.  If I could manage to see her--
Does it strike you as dangerous?
I hadn't thought of it, because I've just done something so much more unconventional.
What were the conditions?
No; just a message.  He never writes.  I don't think I've had more than one letter from him.
You're not changed.
