Good morning, Mrs. Page,
Had breakfast?
No—I was waiting for you, Mrs. Page.
How Connie could ever have called her a sweet child!
Her mother and I went to the same school in Paris,
But you’ll go, my dear!
Hopeless!
For Heaven’s sake, do talk, my dear!
I’ll try,
Never heard of the things,
My dear, how simply marvelous!
But that awful Moriarty!
Those people are always envious,
I wish she’d stay out altogether!
as hard as nails
This a gentle hint?
I said I was coming to-day,
Mrs. Page meant to be home by five,
Then you’ll give me a cup of tea, won’t you? I’m Randall, you know.
I’m Mrs. Page’s secretary,
Lucky, lucky Mrs. Page!
Prudish!
You were reading, weren’t you?
No, Mr. Randall,
I try to read,
I don’t see how it could ever be too late to read,
The thing is,
The Hound of Heaven,
Poetry!
I fled Him, down the nights and down the days; I fled Him, down the arches of the years; I fled Him, down the labyrinthine ways Of my own mind—
Sometimes,
No!
You know,
sweet child
an awfully good dinner.
It’s not my business,
Now what?
The deluge!
Oh, dancing, of course!
Give me this dance!
Please!
Sorry!
Good morning!
Good morning,
Look here!
What’s the matter?
It’s not for me to dictate to Mrs. Page’s guests.
You can dictate to me all you want,
I’ll go away, if you like,
I haven’t changed,
You have no right!
I’m sorry,
You—
I’m at your feet,
Hush!
Let ’em!
At her feet!
wonderful
I can’t stand it much longer,
something dreadful
Nothing,
What?
Because, you know
Do you think I’m going to discuss _that_ with you?
There’s nothing to discuss,
Please let me pass!
Not until you tell me why you—hate me,
Oh, but you’d really better go!
You mean—
Let me go!
That was a beastly, unjust thing to think,
Know? Know what?
All right!
Oh, stop!
No! I’d like every one in the world to know it. I’m proud of it! I told you I was at your feet, and I meant it. I’ll—
Oh, please!
I can’t understand!
Not even a dog to bark when I come home!
By God, it’s not fair! It’s not _fair_!
By God, it’s not fair!
Jesse!
You beast!
Hello, everybody!
God, what people!
One missing, isn’t there?
Oh, there?
I see!
I suppose I really ought to go up and see how the poor girl’s getting on,
Oh, no!
We don’t want to sit here!
I like to sit here,
If there’s any serious trouble,
Jinky!
See here, Jinky!
See here, Jesse!
All right! Perhaps I enjoy it.
It’ll take,
Go ahead!
Somehow,
Keep it up, Jesse!
You’ll have to try another line, Serena,
Oh, let me alone!
Well, look here,
Down on the shore road, waiting for me. We were going to run over to the Abercrombies’ in his car. If I don’t show up, he’ll come back here, and they’ll telephone. Oh, Jinky, I’m—
Hold up a minute! Let’s see! No use in _my_ going—Jesse would tag along; but the Moriarty girl could go.
I think she’s a pretty decent sort of kid. Anyhow, I’ll try.
But, Jinky, she’s ill—didn’t come down to dinner. She sent me word that she had an awful headache. There’s no use wasting time over her.
I’ll have a try at it,
I hope you won’t,
Who is it?
Let me in! I want to speak to you.
Yes?
I—what is it?
I’ll tell you,
You needn’t think it’s a grand operatic tragedy,
I don’t care!
I suppose you don’t know what you’re talking about,
I’ll go,
Now, step!
I’m so sick of the whole show—so blamed sick of the whole thing!
Dear girl!
I don’t care why you came,
Anything wrong?
Mr. Randall,
So they sent me,
But don’t you see?
I won’t!
Because—I wanted—to help,
Miss—Jinky is the only name I know her by—she thought I’d better go and speak to Mrs. Abercrombie.
All right! Do you want me to run you down there now?
Yes, please.
You needn’t bother to answer,
Need gas,
Get his number!
That’s enough!
What happened?
Would you care, if I were?
Yes!
It would be worth a bullet through the head,
My little darling!
Tell me!
I’m not hurt,
Now stroll up to the house as if you’d been taking a walk,
No, I won’t! I can’t! I’m afraid you’re hurt!
Oh, go on!
It’s my scarf!
What shall I do?
He’s fainted—that’s all,
Caught in the act!
I needed it,
It’s a pretty stiff—
What is it? What’s the matter?
In here? Where is he?
Down on the North Road, in his car. Send some one—
See here, Geraldine!
I tell you he’s hurt!
I can’t help it! I’m awfully sorry, but I simply can’t have any more trouble with Jesse. You ought to see that—
Mrs. Page,
I can’t help it!
I’m surprised—
A beast!
Yes, you will!
Send some one out for him at once!
Hush! Not so loud, you horrible girl!
Wait!
Everything’s all right,
You’re getting on nicely!
Love!
She’s as hard as nails!
I’ve done quite enough for you!
Simply hopeless! Of course she’s good-looking, in a way—but she has absolutely _no_ charm, and _no_ figure.
I’m all on edge this morning, and it makes me horribly nervous to see you sitting there like a—like a graven image!
Have you seen the delphiniums?
Oh, do answer that for me, my dear!
Will you give me the message, please?
What an hour! Yes, I know, but why didn’t you write me, just once? I’m not reproaching you, silly boy! 
and cream for my coffee. Quick! I’m starving!
She’s worse than usual this morning. I don’t know what’s the matter with her. She’s so indifferent and ungrateful!
Governesses and companions—they’re not exactly servants, you know, and yet they’re not—well, they’re simply out of everything.
love
and they’re all out. That mean I’m not wanted?
Something must have delayed her.
I hope I didn’t interrupt you.
I wish to Heaven I could; but it’s too late now.
I’ve been spoiled. People listen to me—any damned nonsense I spout—and I’ve got out of the way of listening myself.
Queer sort of stuff!
the prey gets away from Him!
No—never!
I’ve got lost!
I can’t change the world. I’m just here to earn a living.
Bridge, or dancing, or what?
Why won’t you?
Just one dance!
I didn’t mean to offend you last night. I don’t quite see why—but anyhow, I’m sorry!
Look here! Do you mind if I sit here with you?
Nothing I’d like better!
but the way you talked to me yesterday—I’ve been thinking so much about it! Please tell me what I’ve done—what has made you change?
Don’t treat me like this! Don’t shut me out! I came down early, just on the chance of seeing you.
You wouldn’t mind, if you knew how I felt about you. I’m at your feet.
If you want to treat me like this, I can’t help it. It won’t make any difference. I’ll always—
The servants will hear you!
I’ll bet they’ve heard worse than that!
I’m getting nervous and irritable. I ought to go, only—
I want to know—I’ve simply got to know—what’s the matter!
I’m going away tomorrow morning, and I’ve got to know. Have I offended you, or done anything you don’t like? The first time I saw you, yesterday afternoon—what has made you change?
If I thought it was simply that you disliked me—
if it’s that, I give you my word there’s nothing in it—absolutely nothing! I’ve never even pretended to her—
I wanted you to know that; but then—
I don’t want to—talk to you!
You wouldn’t like it if some one should come and find you speaking to _me_!
You think I’m ashamed to be seen talking to you?
I won’t listen!
It was only on your account. I thought you wouldn’t want any one to know—
You think I’m ashamed. By Heaven, you’ll see! I’m proud of it! It’s the finest thing I ever did in my life—to love you!
I—
I’ve given her everything, I’ve put up with all her whims, and now I—I could kill her!
You startled me so! Why didn’t you tell me you were coming home, Jesse? Have you had your dinner?
Don’t let me spoil the party! Come on, now! All have another drink, eh?
They’re all afraid of me—afraid of a row!
Who was sitting in this place?
Don’t go! Wait a bit, and perhaps she’ll come back.
Let’s go!
I think I’ll have a _demi-tasse_ and a sandwich. You people must keep me company. Don’t go, Betty!
poor Serena’ll be done for!
Where are you going?
You’d better—
You’re making a fool of yourself.
just about five minutes for you to make such a mess of things that you’ll regret it all the rest of your days, Jesse!
It’ll take a good deal less than five minutes—when I catch sight of that lad!
I’ll drop out.
I feel that where Jinky goes, there must I go, too.
You deserve what you’ll get!
Let them have a little more rope!
Don’t I know that?
Where is he, anyhow?
You’re simply insane, Jinky! Why, she’s the most—
You’re a simply wonderful pal to me! I’ll never forget this—never!
Do you want a chance to do a decent thing?
I won’t! I won’t have anything to do with—with that!
I hope you don’t. If you understood that you could stop a nasty scandal, and perhaps something even worse, and you just wouldn’t do it, and didn’t care—
you’re a little gentleman! Hurry up now! I’ll help you.
Why, I couldn’t believe—
I—I only came—
You’re here—that’s enough!
Mr. Page has come home, and—
to say that you had better not come back now.
I’m to run away, when Jesse comes? Well, I won’t!
You’ll have to, on—on Mrs. Page’s account.
How did you get mixed up in this? Why did _you_ come?
I’ll do whatever you say.
Look here! Will you marry me?
I know you won’t. I just wanted you to know that that was how I felt about you. Now you understand, anyhow!
I suppose you’ve got to know. It was Page, trying a little melodrama. No harm done, but—but I wish to God you hadn’t got mixed up in it! I’m going to get you home as fast as I can. Just keep quiet about the whole thing, won’t you? Don’t—
Are you hurt?
only—
I’m sure—oh, please stop the car! I _know_ you’re hurt!
Yes, I would care! Oh, please don’t go on! Stop the car, and let me see!
to hear you speak like that! But I’m _not_ hurt—I’m—not—
Please, please let me see! Stop! Stop!
My little blessed angel! For you to care like this!
Nothing for you to cry about, little sweetheart; only, don’t you see, you’ve got to get home quick, before he does? If you’ll go quietly to your room, and say nothing, there’ll be no harm done. Come, now!
There’s just one thing on earth you can do for me, and that is to clear out. There’s nothing that could be so bad as your getting mixed up in this. I mean it! Don’t—don’t make it hard. Just go!
Oh, what shall I do?
I must help him. I mustn’t call any one else, because that’s just what he doesn’t want. It would be unfair and cruel to call any one else, now that he’s—helpless!
I will help you!
That’s what they give people who faint. I’m sure there’s some on the sideboard in the dining room. I mustn’t be silly. I mustn’t let go of myself!
I’d never have thought it of _you_!
My God!
He’s hurt. Send some one to bring him in!
I can’t! Wait! Let’s see—let’s think how we can get him away!
Send some one—
It may be serious. He may be—
he may be dying. He’s got to be brought in here at once!
You will have him in here, too!
He’s been shot—and I know who shot him. It was your—
I don’t care who hears me! He’s been shot. He’s going to be brought in here and taken care of, no matter what it means to you or any one else. If you won’t do it, then I’m going to—
Oh, what shall I do? Oh, can’t you see?
The doctor’s seen you. You’re very weak, but he says you’ll soon—
But I don’t think that,
It’s serious,
What’s happened? Your scarf—
You did like me, at first. I’ve been thinking—Is it on account of Ser—of Mrs. Page?
I didn’t realize how—how young you are. If you’ll forgive me—
Jesse means business. You can help these people if you want to. If you don’t want to, all right! It’s up to you.
