Here, master: what cheer?
Good boatswain, have care. Where’s the master? Play the men.
I pray now, keep below.
Where is the master, boatswain?
Do you not hear him? You mar our labour: keep your cabins: you do assist the storm.
Nay, good, be patient.
Good, yet remember whom thou hast aboard.
A pox o’ your throat, you bawling, blasphemous, incharitable dog!
Work you, then.
Lay her a-hold, a-hold! set her two courses off to sea again; lay her off.
All lost! to prayers, to prayers! all lost!
What, must our mouths be cold?
The king and prince at prayers! let’s assist them,  For our case is as theirs.
I’m out of patience.
He’ll be hang’d yet, Though every drop of water swear against it,  And gape at widest to glut him.
Let’s all sink with the king.
Let’s take leave of him
Be collected: No more amazement: tell your piteous heart There’s no harm done.
O, woe the day!
More to know Did never meddle with my thoughts.
Certainly, sir, I can.
But that I do not.
Sir, are not you my father?
O the heavens! What foul play had we, that we came from thence?  Or blessed was’t we did?
Sir, most heedfully.
O, good sir, I do.
Your tale, sir, would cure deafness.
O the heavens!
Mark his condition, and th’ event; then tell me If this might be a brother.
Wherefore did they not That hour destroy us?
Alack, what trouble Was I then to you!
How came we ashore?
Would I might But ever see that man!
Hast thou, spirit, Perform’d to point the tempest that I bade thee?
My brave spirit! Who was so firm, so constant, that this coil Would not infect his reason?
Why, that’s my spirit!  But was not this nigh shore?
Close by, my master.
But are they, Ariel, safe?
Ariel, thy charge Exactly is perform’d: but there’s more work. What is the time o’ the day?
Past the mid season.
At least two glasses. The time ’twixt six and now  Must by us both be spent most preciously.
How now? moody? What is’t thou canst demand?
My liberty.
Before the time be out? no more!
Dost thou forget  From what a torment I did free thee?
No.
I do not, sir.
No, sir.
Thou hast. Where was she born? speak; tell me.
Sir, in Argier.
Ay, sir.
Yes, Caliban her son.
I thank thee, master.
Pardon, master: I will be correspondent to command, And do my spiriting gently.
Do so; and after two days I will discharge thee.
That’s my noble master! What shall I do? say what; what shall I do?
The strangeness of your story put Heaviness in me.
’Tis a villain, sir, I do not love to look on.
Come forth, I say! there’s other business for thee:  Come, thou tortoise! when?
My lord, it shall be done
Hark, hark! I hear The strain of strutting chanticleer  Cry, Cock-a-diddle-dow.
Hark! now I hear them,--Ding-dong, bell.
The fringed curtains of thine eye advance, And say what thou seest yond.
I might call him A thing divine; for nothing natural I ever saw so noble.
No wonder, sir; But certainly a maid.
How? the best?  What wert thou, if the King of Naples heard thee?
Alack, for mercy!
Yes, faith, and all his lords; the Duke of Milan And his brave son being twain.
No, as I am a man.
O dear father, Make not too rash a trial of him, for He’s gentle, and not fearful.
Beseech you, father.
Hence! hang not on my garments.
Sir, have pity; I’ll be his surety.
My affections Are, then, most humble; I have no ambition To see a goodlier man.
Come on; obey: Thy nerves are in their infancy again, And have no vigour in them.
Thou shalt be as free As mountain winds: but then exactly do All points of my command.
To the syllable.
Prithee, peace.
He receives comfort like cold porridge.
The visitor will not give him o’er so.
Look, he’s winding up the watch of his wit; by and by it will strike.
Sir,--
One: tell.
When every grief is entertain’d that’s offer’d, Comes to the entertainer--
Dolour comes to him, indeed: you have spoken truer than you purposed.
You have taken it wiselier than I meant you should.
Therefore, my lord,--
Fie, what a spendthrift is he of his tongue!
I prithee, spare.
Well, I have done: but yet,--
Which, of he or Adrian, for a good wager, first begins to crow?
The old cock.
The cockerel.
Done. The wager?
A laughter.
A match!
Though this island seem to be desert,--
Ha, ha, ha!--So, you’re paid.
Uninhabitable, and almost inaccessible,--
Yet,--
Methinks I do.
And how does your content  Tender your own good fortune?
I remember You did supplant your brother Prospero.
But for your conscience.
Excellent.
Give me thy hand: I am sorry I beat thee; but, while thou livest, keep a good tongue in thy head.
Within this half hour will he be asleep: Wilt thou destroy him then?
Ay, on mine honour.
This will I tell my master.
That’s not the tune.
What is this same?
This is the tune of our catch, played by the picture of Nobody.
If thou beest a man, show thyself in thy likeness: if thou beest a devil, take’t as thou list.
O, forgive me my sins!
He that dies pays all debts: I defy thee. Mercy upon us!
Art thou afeard?
No, monster, not I.
This will prove a brave kingdom to me, where I shall have my music for nothing.
That shall be by and by: I remember the story.
The sound is going away; let’s follow it, and after do our work.
Lead, monster; we’ll follow. I would I could see  this taborer; he lays it on.
What harmony is this?--My good friends, hark!
Marvellous sweet music!
Give us kind keepers, heavens!--What were these?
Not I.
I’ll be thy second.
I do believe it Against an oracle.
What would my potent master? here I am.
Presently?
Ay, with a twink.
Well, I conceive.
I warrant you, sir; The white cold virgin snow upon my heart  Abates the ardour of my liver.
A contract of true love to celebrate; And some donation freely to estate  On the blest lovers.
High’st queen of state, Great Juno, comes; I know her by her gait.
This is a most majestic vision, and Harmonious charmingly. May I be bold To think these spirits?
Spirits, which by mine art  I have from their confines call’d to enact My present fancies.
Let me live here ever; So rare a wonder’d father and a wife Makes this place Paradise.
This is strange: your father’s in some passion That works him strongly.
Never till this day Saw I him touch’d with anger so distemper’d.
Come with a thought. I thank thee, Ariel: come.
Thy thoughts I cleave to. What’s thy pleasure?
Say again, where didst thou leave these varlets?
I go, I go.
Pray you, tread softly, that the blind mole may not Hear a foot fall: we now are near his cell.
Monster, I do smell all horse-piss; at which my nose is in great indignation.
So is mine. Do you hear, monster? If I should  take a displeasure against you, look you,--
Thou wert but a lost monster.
Ay, but to lose our bottles in the pool,--
There is not only disgrace and dishonour in that, monster, but an infinite loss.
That’s more to me than my wetting: yet this is  your harmless fairy, monster.
I will fetch off my bottle, though I be o’er ears for my labour.
Give me thy hand. I do begin to have bloody thoughts.
O King Stephano! O peer! O worthy Stephano! look what a wardrobe here is for thee!
Let it alone, thou fool; it is but trash.
O, ho, monster! we know what belongs to a frippery. O King Stephano!
Thy Grace shall have it.
Do, do: we steal by line and level, an’t like your Grace.
Monster, come, put some lime upon your fingers, and away with the rest.
And this.
Ay, and this.
Hey, Mountain, hey!
Silver! there it goes, Silver!
Fury, fury! there, Tyrant, there! hark, hark!
On the sixth hour; at which time, my lord, You said our work should cease.
I did say so,  When first I raised the tempest. Say, my spirit, How fares the king and’s followers?
Dost thou think so, spirit?
Mine would, sir, were I human.
First, noble friend,  Let me embrace thine age, whose honour cannot Be measured or confined.
Whether this be Or be not, I’ll not swear.
The devil speaks in him.
I am woe for’t, sir.
Irreparable is the loss; and patience  Says it is past her cure.
You the like loss!
Sweet lord, you play me false.
No, my dear’st love, I would not for the world.
Yes, for a score of kingdoms you should wrangle, And I would call it fair play.
If this prove  A vision of the island, one dear son Shall I twice lose.
A most high miracle!
Though the seas threaten, they are merciful; I have cursed them without cause.
Now all the blessings Of a glad father compass thee about!  Arise, and say how thou camest here.
’Tis new to thee.
I am hers: But, O, how oddly will it sound that I Must ask my child forgiveness!
There, sir, stop: Let us not burthen our remembrances with A heaviness that’s gone.
I say, Amen, Gonzalo!
Be it so! Amen!
These are not natural events; they strengthen From strange to stranger. Say, how came you hither?
If these be true spies which I wear in my head, here’s a goodly sight.
Ha, ha! What things are these, my lord Antonio? Will money buy ’em?
Very like; one of them  Is a plain fish, and, no doubt, marketable.
I shall be pinch’d to death.
Is not this Stephano, my drunken butler?
He is drunk now: where had he wine?
Why, how now, Stephano!
O, touch me not;
You’ld be king o’ the isle, sirrah?
I should have been a sore one, then.
Go to; away!
Hence, and bestow your luggage where you found it.
I long To hear the story of your life, which must Take the ear strangely.
