from the following text, there are 92 (0-91) samples


Once upon a time
My grandmother – her name was Greta Thunberg – you may have heard of her? She said
She couldn’t believe how short-sighted adults were
Too busy making money and enjoying their big ole gas guzzling SUVs to worry about long term consequences!
She said, How dare you! You’re stealing our future
Indigenous peoples around the world had been saying something similar for millennia – when we move in the world we have to take responsibility for seven generations past and seven generations in the future. If we all do this we live wisely and in harmony with our environment.
Greta’s young friends took up the call with Fridays for Future climate strikes and they were gradually able to convert everyone – their teachers, principals, parents, politicians, corporate bosses, everyone really. That’s why we take it for granted today – we all play our part to be part of a healthy ecosystem.
There was a backlash that slowed us down – there were setbacks, believe me!
Wait, I have to water my plants and mushrooms – how are yours doing?
Do you find the vaporizer helps growth? But be careful of getting mold in your furniture! OMG we had lionsmane mushrooms growing out of my brother’s violin’s f holes – hilarious (and delicious!) but my brother was not amused!
I grew the most amazing umami Kobi mushroom steak last week! To die for!
You have to document the growth conditions and variety etc. so we can copy you!
Yes for sure – I posted it on VRLife with flavonoid simulation – pretty awesome! Check it out.
But Greta’s generation – the kids, they really persisted
Meanwhile the adults – those stupid pigs - had the petrol wars – basically they started wars just to increase the demand for petroleum products and add territory – god what a concept!
That was really the last gasp massive petrol-fuelled carbon conflagration – whooping it up blasting petroleum storage facilities and pipelines just so that they could rebuild them and control the world.
They didn’t stop there – have you heard of nuclear weapons? Like, nearly a 100 years ago the US dropped two nuclear bombs on two cities in Japan, Hiroshima and Nagasaki
Fallout from those bombs and all the atmospheric nuclear testing deposited radioactive material on the geological record – a human signature that will be there for as long as the planet exists.
Well, so they also started playing war games with the stacked up nuclear arsenal left over mostly from the cold war. That alarmed everybody!
Hey you must have seen pictures of people diving around those artificial tropical reefs that look like giant cruise ships ? they were actually once owned by individuals with so much dirty cash that the only way they could keep it safe was to turn it into floating chateaux and head out to the high seas to party!
When the petrol war came and economic sanctions were imposed, they were all ‘relieved’ of their ships and later they were turned into coral conservancy projects. Awesome for snorkelling and diving but literally teeming with sharks so, maybe a little less awesome for swimming ….
We – I mean living species - barely survived – and the posthumans really didn’t deserve to survive – that whole stinking mess, but nature is tenacious and we – meaning most of us living species - did survive and some that didn’t have now been revived with DNA regeneration.
Out of that crapfest something good came.
The first, hilarious unintended consequence was a mad rush to develop renewable sources of energy. By the time the war was done, nobody wanted oil and gas very much at all. They’d all moved on – jobs, job training, investment, opportunities all shifted to the green economy, and few were inspired to revert to the old dirty business.
There were the information wars too – I don’t even have the words to explain this because we are now all post truthy and we know things through feeling them more than through media productions. But back then the psychologists had figured out all kinds of creepy things about human need for validation and – basically they use this to manipulate and change attitudes and beliefs –
Wow there were some weird scenes – even people who knew it was happening were spouting the fake perspectives that had melded with their thoughts! There were total zombie movements where people behaved like automatons because they were under the influence of some strange idea.
Sometimes being connected was worse than being disconnected because nobody could think clearly anymore! The more connected you were the more you lost connection with anything meaningful in your life!
Oh yeah, I heard about my great aunt and uncle – they like, gave up on their whole family and gave their money to some convoy believing it would save them from some inexplicable evil. That really messed up the family. People were really sad…
Yeah my family too. There was some crazy coot who just locked out everyone because he believed some weird shit!
Yeah, yeah, but what was kind of interesting is that people became super perceptive – it was almost like they evolved quickly to protect themselves from this new danger! Especially when the war came there was a lot of critical analysis about what do I hear, what do I believe, and this made people ask, who am I? who am I? and that was good, it got people thinking again about their place and their responsibility.
Oh you know? The hackers really came to the foreground here, helping people figure out what was going on. They were a little bit dangerous – like 21st century Robin Hoods – and you didn’t know when they would go even further rogue – like, in a direction you didn’t want - but yeah, they broke up the monolithic information wars better than a trust buster for sure!
That also helped people to understand the powers (and risks) of collective problem solving, hacking solutions across the planet, connecting to each other, crowd sourcing solutions and networks of support…
And nobody, I mean nobody, wanted to hear another word about territorial claims and power or about wealth accumulation. There was a massive outcry about how poorly humans had behaved, so they ditched the old United Nations organization, which when all was said and done had fuelled power politics and capitalist exploitation.
Everyone was so embarrassed. You couldn’t say you were a lawyer, politician, diplomat or corporate without giving a lengthy and abject apology – even then, nobody wanted to hear what they had to say!
The survivors started to understand that the land, air, water, plants, animals, and fungi etc. were our collective treasure and responsibility. They reconstituted a global governance system that included birds, insects, plants, fungi, mountains, rivers, lakes, wind and sea.
Some people thought the future would all be a continuation of power politics, racialized and gendered exploitation and environmental devastation, but it just didn’t work out that way. Greta and the kids they infiltrated good. Indigenous peoples just kept doing their things and people started listening to them too, loving their music, storytelling, art and culture, starting to see the world more through their eyes. The kids and the Indigenous peoples had ideas and messages that the coders, artists, musicians, dancers, actors, film makers and internet platforms simply loved! And embraced!
So yeah, that’s why we are here, hearing, making music with these awesome computers, sharing the love, loving that our music is 100% recyclable, powered by green energy, and no birds, trees or beings have been hurt in its production.
We bear the collective shame of the Anthropocene but we are working to fix things – every bit of music and art we make is contributing to a happier and healthier planet! It’s so cool, and yeah, when we want to be bad – we have VRLife Black Hole to indulge our nastiness thrillingly horribly nastily but safely.
Hey, I’ve lost some friends there!
Sure, but it’s better they stay there when they’re in that mood. It’s healthier all round.
You know they originally created it for that guy Putin who started the last petrol war. People were pretty fed up with him and there was risk someone would poison him with his special brand of Novichok or he’d get summarily executed by his people a la Mr and Mrs. Ceausescu.
But the coders had created this groovy kind of hell hole VR Life Black Hole and they just let him go there for as long as he wanted. He ended up staying and it was kind of hilarious to peek in on - there were hackers who built a teeny voyeurism peep hole. He’d ride around naked except for a thong and a crown on the back of stuffed tiger for hours at a time. He’d count piles of money too but got less interested in this as money generally became less interesting to everyone.
So here we are, in a moment in time, reflecting on how we feel, where we’ve been, speculating on where we’re going.
I’m working on a dance project to reorient the Anthropocene more comfortably in the Holocene – it’s mostly a balancing act!
Cool, cool.
I’ve been sewing a tapestry of commitments to decarbonize and create carbon sinks
I’m building open-source castles in the sky for sharing our stories and aspirations to work together in our locality;
I’m conjuring trouble circles where we try and figure out the most awful and complicated problems and then solve them together!
Like everyone else I participate in market share – I am a teacher and a learner, a taker and a giver, live-er and lover
I’m crazy curious and it’s infectious!
I’m an alchemist – taking science and art and desire and hope and seeing what it creates.
I’ll take your dreams and recycle them!
I’m following the migrating birds, their flight patterns are like threads that entangle and connect us all
I’m cheering them on, wishing them well on their journeys, welcoming them back again!
I’m waiting for spring and enjoying its teasing icy and blustery beginnings
We lost connection for so long but I feel a little more connected, loosely, naturally
I love it when things disconnect and all you hear is the sound that you never hear otherwise. What is that buzzing?
I love it when we reconnect. Never forget an old person – they have histories to tell, and when they get bitter, mean or grumpy put them in the VR Life black hole so they can dig deep into their pain, and come back refreshed!
Sometimes we all have to go into the VRLife Black Hole, either to deal with the pain inflicted on our ancestors or ourselves, or to deal with the pain we or our ancestors inflicted on others. We all meet there sometime to commiserate and share the pain and seek forgiveness and peace. The black hole is super important – it is there where we remember the past, come to terms with it and allow some forgiving and forgetting, letting go of anger, pain and guilt.
Yeah, I feel fresh and invigorated after those dark VRLife voyages – more able take responsibility to safeguard and rehabilitate all our relationships.
Here’s a weird one: bird song! You know how joyful it makes you feel?! Back in the day, many people had forgotten what it sounded like, or had never really heard it. Well, studies showed that if someone had not heard much birdsong, they were less likely to love the sound or want to protect singing birds.
During the petrol wars the bird song heard in the morning or evening when the bombing had stopped was so beautiful that everyone started bringing their instruments outside and making music with the birds. I heard from my mom that’s how the war ended. People just felt so happy listening to the birdsong!
