Behold how the other half lives!
Not by wisdom do the poets write poetry, but by a sort of genius and inspiration.
A second Shakespeare!
I know very well that I do not speak of Tolstoy's books in measured terms; I cannot.
he has never had a card in his hand in his life, he has never in his life laid a wager, and yet he sits here till five o'clock in the morning watching our play.
but I am not in the position to sacrifice the necessary in the hope of winning the superfluous.
how it is that my grandmother does not punt.
you have a grandmother who knows how to hit upon three lucky cards in succession, and you have never yet succeeded in getting the secret of it out of her?
she died seven years ago.
and I did not know it. We were appointed maids of honour at the same time, and when we were presented to the Empress...
send me some new novel, only pray don't let it be one of the present day style.
we will go out for a drive.
Order the carriage to be got ready at once.
What is the matter with you, my child? Have you lost your voice? Wait--give me that footstool--a little nearer--that will do.
I must always wait for you. It is intolerable, my dear!
But why such an elaborate toilette? Whom do you intend to captivate? What sort of weather is it? It seems rather windy.
The bread of the stranger is bitter,
to risk the necessary in the hope of winning the superfluous,
Whose house is this?
Who was that person that met us just now? What is the name of this bridge? What is written on that signboard?
Have you taken leave of your senses, or what is it? Do you not hear me or understand what I say?... Heaven be thanked, I am still in my right mind and speak plainly enough!
this letter is not for me.
This letter is certainly not for me.
I should have given it back to the person who sent it.
I have no intention of doing you any harm, I have only come to ask a favour of you.
and it will cost you nothing. I know that you can name three cards in order--
I assure you it was only a joke.
then I will make you answer!
I ask you for the last time: will you tell me the names of your three cards, or will you not?
my pistol was not loaded.
Oh!
but I have been ordered to grant your request. Three, seven, ace, will win for you if played in succession, but only on these conditions: that you do not play more than one card in twenty-four hours, and that you never play again during the rest of your life.
Three, seven, ace,
but do you accept my card or not?
Three, seven, ace!
No,
Copy,
Leave me alone! Why do you insult me?
No, give me rather something to copy.
This, in fact, is quite--
No, it is impossible to mend it. It is a wretched garment!
Such an affair!
Impossible,
Have you lost your senses, you fool?
No, it is better not to look,
Just you dare to scream!
The superintendent is not at home.
Strictness, strictness, and always strictness!
Would it not be a very great condescension on his part? Would it not be familiar? And would he not thereby lose his importance?
Who is he?
are you not acquainted with etiquette? To whom have you come?
Where did you get such courage? Where did you get such ideas? What impudence towards their chiefs and superiors has spread among the young generation!
Forgive me, your excellency!
Why?
Hey, there! go your way!
_Bon jour_, papa.
Ah, here you are at last! I have you, that--by the collar! I need your cloak. You took no trouble about mine, but reprimanded me. So now give up your own.
Ugh! how much character he has!
What do you want?
You should go into the drawing-room, my lad,
Let him alone! Let him alone!
I took the liberty of presuming on your goodness in his behalf.
He's a quiet, unobtrusive child.
Go away, boy. Why are you here still? Be off with you to the other children.
You are afraid that when I get to the fair I shall go on a spree.
I do not know what I am afraid of; all I know is that I had a bad dream. I dreamt you returned from the town, and when you took off your cap I saw that your hair was quite grey.
That's a lucky sign,
Won't you have some tea with me?
Why do you cross-question me as if I were a thief or a robber? I am travelling on business of my own, and there is no need to question me.
I am the police-officer of this district, and I question you because the merchant with whom you spent last night has been found with his throat cut. We must search your things.
Whose knife is this?
I--don't know--not mine.
What can we do now?
It was not for nothing I dreamt your hair had turned grey. You remember? You should not have started that day.
Grandfather,
Well, well--I must have deserved it!
Well, this is wonderful! Really wonderful! But how old you've grown, Gran'dad!
I have no wish to escape, and you have no need to kill me; you killed me long ago! 
Why have you come here?
What do you want? Go away, or I will call the guard!
God will forgive you!
With assurances of the highest esteem, I am your humble servant.
It seemed to me as if I were on an uninhabited isle.
We certainly don't mean to eat each other up. How could we have come to such a pass as this? What evil genius is making sport of us?
is the Story of the Tower of Babel true? Don't you think it is simply an allegory?
now I see you must die.
Good health to you, neighbour,
How do you do?
Young woman, your husband is not very talkative.
But what is there for him to talk about? Every one has his own business. Go your way, and God be with you.
I don't know, brother,
it is waste of time for me to talk to you. To put everything unpleasant on God, and sit and suffer, means, brother, being not a man but an animal. That's what I have to say.
Neighbour,
God help me!
Oh, Lord! Have pity on innocent souls!
Bind me. I tore up a rail!
Rain again. Rain, rain, rain! Every day rain! As though to spite me. I might as well stick my head into a noose and be done with it. It's ruining me. Heavy losses every day!
Not so bad,
What the public wants is the circus.
You are such a dear.
I have a telegram for you.
Vanichka, my dearest, my sweetheart. Why did I ever meet you? Why did I ever get to know you and love you? 
We have work to do, we have no time for nonsense. What does one get out of going to theatre?
Thank you for coming to kill time with me. May God give you health. Mother in Heaven!
When she has little kitties, please give me one. Mamma is awfully afraid of mice.
get up, darling. It's time to go to the gymnasium.
What a lot of trouble you are. You must try hard and learn, dear, and mind your teachers.
Mrr, mrr, mrr.
then I bet I'll stay not five but fifteen.
Gentlemen, I stake two millions.
She's not here, and she's not here,
The mother is like a little child herself--look how excited she is.
Terribly bad!
It's the surest sign.
I understand nothing of what you are saying.
the young lady will hide, and hide...
She'll hide, and hide, and hide away, angelic little soul, in a damp grave,
it's she that knows.
What nonsense! Please don't come to me with any such notions in the future. Now you may go.
Tiu-tiu!
You must resign yourself to your fate.
Nothing for me from the office?
Stop using that silly title. Can't you speak like a sensible man?
face about. Be off with you to the kitchen.
Always the same people, the same old humdrum jog-trot.
we haven't seen each other for a long time, have we? I was rather homesick for you.
Is that a new style? Well, well, what people don't think of.
Unfortunately I couldn't find out a thing.
I've been without a job for weeks.
I'll be right back.
Bring your friend here. I'll see what I can do.
I've come--listen--I want to thank you ever and ever so much--for the way you received me--and--and all the trouble you took for me--but--I can't take the place.
There's no such person, I tell you,
Is it so terrible There?
Poor Lazarus! Do you find it pleasant to sit so, and look at the sun?
I have not yet gathered the radiance of the moon,
Here are the baskets in which I gather the light of the moon and the radiance of the sun.
you are my guest.
I have found it!
This is ugly, my poor friend. It must be destroyed. Give me the hammer.
I cannot think! I cannot think!
wonderfully raised from the dead
Why did you not salute me when you entered?
I did not know it was necessary.
I was dead.
Blessed art thou, Great Divine Life!
I'll show you how to be a rebel, you damned skunk.
Good heavens!
Let me go, let me go! Ow-ow!
Come in. They say you may.
However, please go on.
You may go back to your seat.
I didn't notice it at all.
I should like to ask one question--that is if it is not too indiscreet--what is your own specialty?
I am thy brother.
How do you do, Petrovich?
But it is plain you must have a new cloak.
A new one?
some repairs, in order that it may wear yet a little longer.
How dare you?
I declare I don't know how to tell you.
See if I don't sell out all my goods, and bring you some presents from the fair.
Where did you spend last night? Were you alone?
Maybe I am a hundred times worse than you.
perhaps it is as you say, and perhaps it is God's will.
why do you lose your temper?
Oh, Lord! Tell me what to do!... No, it is impossible to run to the hut and get back in time.
You darling!
What a tax!
Yes, it is pleasant.
I have not yet caught the glare of the sun. There is no soul in my marble, there is no life in my beautiful bronze.
Is it possible?
Silence!
Ah,
What is the time?
This is awful,
Why, I have no money for that.
Thank you, sir. I will drink your good health,
Do you know whom you are speaking to?
Do you realise who is standing before you?
Now I see,
Why are you poking yourself into a man's very face? Haven't you the pavement?
gun-carriage,
