54 files (0-53) from the following texxt:

It's amazing that you can make my stress funny
Sounds fun but I won't be able to make it. I take my mom to do her groceries on Thursday nights.
Yeah, he reveals just enough awkward shit to seem honest.
I sometimes keep a feelings diary but I actually found it tiring for my hand to write in it?
Rats! I've used all my points on a stale chocolatine by accident!
I just feel like I can't. I can't think. I can't plan. I can't execute. I can't today.
I wish I was a bunny, sleeping in a bunch.
In my next life, I want to be a glamorous and well treated housecat.
Maybe he's being mysterious.
It doesn't need to be fancy. I can work with any quality.
I didn't know Sara was an actual person - LOL
That's good! I haven't been able to find a new therapist, probably because I haven't looked since mine went on parental leave.
How's the family?
Brushing out my hair was a party trick. It gets so poofy and fuzzy!
I only use "Dr." as an honorific if I'm being cheeky - or when I'm submitting a formal complaint.
I hate to take work away from musicians, but for this, I'd go the iPod route.
I ran out of the meeting as soon as it was done because I was totally going to cry.
I ordered rotisserie chicken for dinner and it was exhausting.
But I don't want to go to the forest and eat human stew with my colleagues so the dream was creeeeeeeeepy.
Also, yay! You have a GIRLFRIEND????
She has fallen madly in love with depressed artist so what can we do?
I literally had no idea Florida was wackadoodle when I moved there.
Thank you so much - the pizza was delecious.
I suspect he's bi-curious.
But you know, nobody needs to end up crazy!
I think I'm going to be one of those monks who only eats things that fall to the ground.
I hope I don't suck.
I dropped part of a chocolate chip cookie down my shirt and didn't realize.
It was synced to the theme music for a minute, yes.
I ordered tacos from Uber Eats.
haha, yes his cure-all herbal cedar tea - "You have a sore throat? Lemme go dig something up out of the backyard real quick!"
I feel sick. Someone just forwarded me The New York Times article.
He dated Julianne right after you. Do you remember him?
In my defence, I wasn't prepared. It was somenody's birthday dinner! Look at me, I'm an alto!
Eh?! Mon gar.... c'est quoi ton breuvage?
I wish I could rewind, see you and be friends with you like Jim and Louise get to be, join in at important events, not feel like I cheated myself by being weak.
I'm trying to decide what I want to eat. I'm cold but I don't want soup.
