Well, mamma?
If wishes were horses beggars would ride!
I believe I am as pretty as any of those proud, rich girls,
Rat-a-tat, rat-a-tat!
American beauties, Berry Vining--for you!
Oh, how sweet, how lovely! Who sent me the roses, Jimmy?
He loves me, loves me! For love is the emblem of the sweet, red rose,
What do you mean?
Oh, mamma!
I don’t know, I’m sure,
N-no, mamma!
I only wish he would give me the chance, since you are such a fool!
Ah, Miss Vining, good evening!
Yes, you are right,
I’ll pay you out for that, my proud lady, by taking him away from you!
Thank you so much for them; I love roses dearly,
Oh, I shall be delighted--but--but--I must ask mamma first,
But is it true?
Oh, take me home, take me home quickly! Please, please, please!
Yes, I could,
I’ll take you at your words, sweetheart; I’ll marry you to-morrow.
How dare you kiss me?
Not yet--not yet!
Oh, never, never!
You shall!
I will not!
Oh, if some one would happen along! If I only had a vehicle!
Ah, Heaven, what should I do?
My kingdom for a horse!
We must get under shelter, somehow, somewhere!
Hello! What is this? Looks romantic!
There is one in the house and he has already gone to her assistance,
Tell him to save her life at whatever cost. I would give my own life to save that girl,
Thank Heaven!
But I have fully deserved it, and I will take my punishment like a man,
It is better so,
It may be so--who can tell?
But, mamma, I should not know what to say, how to begin,
What are they, my love?
You suspect him of treachery?
You talk like a detective, Rosalind.
Oh, mamma, do not ridicule me,
Oh, Charley, I shall miss you so!
It’s a bargain,
My day will come! Let her look to herself, that day!
I hope it may prove so, indeed!
It is through him,
I have thought it all over, dear mother,
Oh, what has happened?
Oh, _Chester_, what does this mean? What has happened to you?
Why did you do it? What is she to you?
Darling!
Forgive him, dear, you shall not miss him,
I forgive you; you shall rest side by side,
How very nice of you, Marie!
Here now, look in at this window,
It must be fairyland!
’Tis grand, ain’t it, now?
Oh, no, never!
Oh, nothing, don’t mind me! Go on, please!
They are running over me now!
Oh, plenty of time, miss--you must stay till you get your fortune told, sure.
Really, I don’t care. I mean, I’d rather not,
Ah, don’t be scared at the old fortune teller, dear miss, she may tell you something pretty,
She is actually scared!
You have spoken the truth,
You may well say ill-fated,
Yes, tell me all,
Oh, no, no, no!
It is true,
Not wicked; oh, no--only weak and suffering,
What fate could be more cruel than mine?
Why should I tremble at death? I have nothing but toil and sorrow in my life,
You are sure, quite sure?
It is written, and nothing can alter it,
I--I--yes, I will come!
I can go and be back again before the kind housekeeper returns,
Oh, mamma, mamma!
Ah, a woman!
We have no time for all this rant! It is time for honest folks to be in their beds!
Forgive me, I did not mean any harm. Have you brought the charm with you?
I left it around the path there in my bundle. Come with me and you shall have it.
I thank you,
Oh, Heaven, have pity!
Zilla! Zilla!
Zilla, you devil, if you have hurt her, I will kill you!
Oh, Zilla, you know me at last,
Down, down, wretched beast, at my feet!
Lie still, now,
Must I slay you, beast?
Oh, surely there’s murder being done somewhere very close,
What’s broke loose Mandy, hey?
I’ll go with you,
Somebody’s trying to kill the bears, sure! I wonder what for, now!
Run! run! let’s catch her, the wretch!
Land sakes, ma’am, a terrible thing has happened down to the bear pit,
Go on, go on!
A voice you knew?
This is terrible!
I should say so, indeed, ma’am,
This is wonderful, mysterious!
Charley, dear, this is terrible!
dear five hundred friends
Poor, dear brother, we must go to him at once,
Perhaps the housekeeper may know something about it,
Oh, I hope none of you will blame me for what she did!
I am so sorry for you, sir,
That will do, you may bring him in,
Ah, Mr. Bonair, will you pardon this intrusion?
Permit me to praise your acting last night,
I thank you, sir, but I must decline your offer, since I am amply able to meet these expenses,
No expense will be spared for that,
worked the story for all it was worth.
What game is it you are playing, Bonair? You were well enough two weeks ago.
be off with the old love
Has she complained of me?
Then why don’t you get yours over and be done with it?
Yes--if you say so,
Yes, I see. We must have an understanding about it,
It isn’t too late to call him back. I’ll tell her she may do so!
Getting jealous, are you, old boy? Well, you see, there are others who admire Rose beside yourself.
Yes, I see,
Yes, I will not delay speaking to her any longer,
Cruel! Cruel!
Oh, yes, go on,
I hope so.
Then you have not asked her yet?
I waited for my release from you.
I am reasonably sure,
How long will it be before you can have your answer?
A week--perhaps two,
It shall be as you say,
Thank you--I will think it over,
But remember, I wish to be the first one admitted to her presence when she is able to see any one,
Do not tell me he was killed,
Oh,
No, no, I--I--will be calm!
I am better now; I will not give way again. Tell me more.
Not to-day, miss--not till I see that my gabbling has no ill effect on you,
Oh, hush!
joy never kills.
She will not get a relapse. Happiness never killed anybody!
Ah, yes, yes--and you were there close by?
Oh, oh, I am almost afraid!
Afraid, my darling--of what, pray?
Ah! now I am up against the real thing!
Oh, I am afraid, afraid!
You will marry me, then, darling?
One more question,
No, I do not know that she has an enemy in the world.
Sometimes love can be as cruel as hate.
Ah, perhaps I am getting on the right track now! Where is this man? Who is he?
I will come at once,
Here is a pretty pickle!
Too late!
Worse than that, far worse!
Don’t let’s talk of it any more. I’m better now.
Hush, dearie!
If there’s anything to tell, let me hear it quickly--I never could bear suspense.
It will break your heart!
Oh, heavens!
I am better now. Go on, tell me everything.
Of course, we overwhelmed him with bitter reproaches,
And he said--what?
Then you know the girl?
My queen!
Oh, I do not know how to realize my bliss!
It is no dream, but the sweetest reality in the world--to me!
I am horrified, but do not see anything that I can do. Will leave at once in special car for home.
What has happened, dearest, that you look so excited?
Something dreadful must have happened to make you look so strange,
Ah, Heaven! my poor husband!
Wasn’t it an outrage!
Of course he is not,
Hark! the doorbell!
What does the old villain want of you, if I may ask?
The mean old tyrant! He ought to be hung!
What shall you say to this insult, dearie?
Only give me a pen and I will show you!
Those whom God has joined together, let not man put asunder!
I guess that will settle him for good!
Ah, good morning!
Oh, thank Heaven--and you!
You are clean wore out with your troubles, poor soul!
I’d do the same thing over again, if I knew beforehand what was going to happen!
But do not stay out long, dearest, or I will not forgive you breaking your promise to me.
Do not worry over it, dear. We have each other, and are happy as we are,
But you know we must not travel about, now,
We shall be buried alive,
At least we shall be buried in the same grave, so I am content.
Oh, no, no, no, he must not!
Yes, how, indeed?
At least it would relieve my feelings,
Don’t laugh at me, you dear old silly! I can hardly find words to tell you, but--but
Dear old dad, it is not his money as much as his good will that I covet!
Where is the landlord?
I was told at the drug store that the doctor was ill himself, so there was none to come
